Lithography,
the Joe Rogan experience three and across this too,
on the screen on Twitter.
What happened in that to Ted says God having an affair with a woman that her
husband came home early,
tried to escape through the window,
but ended up falling on a metal beam.
Oh.
Oh my God.
It went through his head.
How did they get the beam off there?
The saw the beam off probably.
Yeah.
Holy Shit.
I just saw the picture of like,
what the fuck is that?
Holy Shit.
Let's try to find it.
Oh my God,
he's alive.
Yeah.
And end of this.
There's pictures of this happening in the past to Jesus Christ.
I don't want to die because of it.
Oh my God.
I went through his head.
Yeah,
it's weird.
What would people,
how people survive from injuries [inaudible] yeah,
like yeah,
when they stopped doing those,
we haven't really talked about too much,
but I remember looking it up.
It just would dig a hole right through your eye and scramble your brain as a
metal piece of metal
and they did that because you were just too annoying.
I don't know why.
Like people were crazy.
They would just do it.
They were doing them up until like 19 in the 19 hundreds and now,
I don't know if it stopped like the 50s or forties the exact time,
but what do you think they're doing now besides circumcision that people are
going to look back on like that and go,
what the fuck were they thinking?
What do you think they're doing?
No,
um,
I dunno.
It's just we keep learning different strategies to fix stuff.
Yeah,
that's true.
But the,
but the low bottom,
he is not even a strategy to fix stuff.
It's like chaos though.
In some cases it is.
I must have had to have,
but maybe it stopped them from being super violent or something that's
controlling.
People will probably be enough bullets.
Bullets.
I mean,
I don't know.
Why did they give someone a lithotomy look?
What is the,
what's the chief reason for giving someone a little the bottom,
what would you guess?
Psychosis.
Crazy stuff.
Yeah.
That they didn't have an answer probably for pharmaceuticals back then.
So they just said,
fucking scramble the brain somehow.
It's fucked up to me that it's still,
your brain would still work.
It's a neurological treatment of a mental disorder that involves severing the
connections between the brain's prefrontal cortex.
You've made it too big over here.
Most of connections to and from the prefrontal cortex and the anterior part of
the frontal lobes of the brain are severed.
What did they do that for Brian?
Um,
because when you had a personality that was when you were crazy,
they would take out the part of your brain,
I guess that was,
um,
reactive and that gives you essentially a personality.
So when you were at the bottom ISED you are really kind of a normal person.
Have you ever seen the movie Francis?
They gave her a Labatt me.
Wow.
Look at,
she went crazy and the bottom line,
it's a little kid.
I right the lies.
They did it to a little kid.
Yeah.
Horrifying.
Why did they do it to that little kid?
Scramble your brain.
Terrible mind.
If I remember right,
there was one guy he was doing up to like 70 a day or something like that.
That's free an hour.
Yeah.
That's what they were day long,
I think Luvata do would help you with today.
You know,
I'm reading,
uh,
that this Guy David,
right?
Oh
Shit.
But there were people who,
you know,
they had electric shock therapy and they were,
they were crazy.
And they would try all these things had a ton of schizophrenia,
which she says she has.
Yeah.
She's looking at her smiling 16 months later and they would try these things.
So before and after,
like 16,
so it worked.
The little bottom,
we work,
so just smile and everywhere.
Yeah.
But she would smile.
She saw a baby get run over by a car.
She would smile.
She saw house catch on fire.
Yeah.
[inaudible].